update OOD docs for VUB (#503)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/compute/portal/ondemand/rstudio-server.rst

      The ``R-bundle-CRAN`` module is also loaded by default, providing hundreds
      of frequently-used R packages. 

      If needed, the ``R-bundle-Bioconductor`` module can be loaded as well to
      get access to many preinstalled bioinformatics packages.

   .. tab-item:: VUB
      :sync: vub

>       A very large number of widely used R packages are available via the
>       following modules, which are loaded by default:

Reviewer: Same suggestion for clarity as with JupyterLab:
```suggestion
      A very large number of widely used R packages are already available by default.
      The following modules are always loaded with RStudio:
```
